## Monday


Hi Team,

When filing Jira issues, here's best-practice:

First, the Summary should be short but explain the bug. We may change it; don't be alarmed. If your bug relates to a Zephyr test case, include the `QUAL-` number.

Second, in your Description add two things: What you observe that's not right, and simple instructions to reproduce what you've seen. If it's not self-evident, add why it's wrong or how it's functionally different from the current system.

Third, in Expected Behaviour, enter what the correct behaviour is in contrast to what's in Description.

Finally, when choosing a PARENT ISSUE, select `RISE-214: UAT BUG LIST`.

Assign all issues to Helgaard unless specifically directed otherwise. If you have a question about a format or need more help, start the bug and reach out to Mat or Helgaard.


- [x] 230 find sandbox bug ✅ 2024-06-24
- [x] Talk to Lakshmi about 4 issues / Helgaard (It's the blocking issues)
- [x] Add 15 users incl Danielle Reece, who needs GUI
- [x] New test case dupe
- [x] Escalate 225 (waiting on Sandeep)

- [x] Fix triage meeting M-F ✅ 2024-06-24
- [x] Tell Beorn that Danielle is on his Team ✅ 2024-06-24

- [x] Send "Beta" group email ✅ 2024-06-24
- [x] Verify Beta group signons (Pending) ✅ 2024-06-24

Monday?… 

- [x] Sent note to Jesse re UPSs ➕ 2024-06-24 ✅ 2024-06-24
Validated plan with Helgaard
- [x] Talk to Preetha about off-cycle ✅ 2024-06-24


## Tuesday

- [ ] Get Sandeep's input on 225 - requested (233)
- [ ] Asked Krys about CaRD being up.
- [ ] 🔼 Datacom / mobile CK65


- [x] Angela King onto RISE Jira ➕ 2024-06-25 ✅ 2024-06-25

CaRD may be done, but it's not yet tested. Our testing can continue in those areas once it is running.


## Wednesday

---
